docs/for-mentors/project-proposal-guidelines.md, before:

Proposal Submission Template
--------------------------

Mentorship project proposal submission to be considered for inclusion in 2025 Mentorship Program has closed.

Proposal Submission Guidelines
--------------------------

*   Project maintainers, active contributors and community members are welcome to submit a mentorship project proposal for consideration. Those who submit the project proposals will serve in the mentor role.
*   Multiple mentors per project is more desirable as this helps spread the mentoring workload and reduce the challenge of coverage due to working remotely with mentees from a different time zone.
*   Mentors need to be knowledgeable about the scope, goals, and technical aspects of the project and will directly guide, supervise, and evaluate the mentee's work for the duration of the mentorship.
*   The mentorship project needs to be scoped with clear objectives and outcomes, serving as a springboard to onboard a new contributor into the community.
*   The outcome envisioned for the project can be accomplished under the mentor's guidance by new contributors working ~15 hours a week for ~ 6 months.
*   The project should be related to one of the current LF Decentralized Trust Projects or Labs or the community or ecosystem at large.
*   The outcome of the project will benefit the existing LF Decentralized Projects or Labs or advance the open source community's work at large.

Proposal Selection Process and Criteria
--------------------------

*   A mentorship program task force appointed by the LF Decentralized Trust Technical Advisory Council will review, evluate, and select proposals to ensure the selected mentorship projects will benefit the LF Decentralized Trust projects, labs, or community.
*   General selection criteria are:
    *   The selected proposals have well defined learning objectives and outcomes that could serve as a springboard to onboard new contributors.
    *   The selected proposals can be accomplished, under the guidance of the mentors, by a new developer, researcher, or contributor within established program dates.
    *   The selected proposals should have a direct connection or relevance to an existing LF Decentralize Trust Project or Lab or other emerging tech within the LF Decentralized Trust umbrella or community.
    *   The selected proposals will further increase the contributor or maintainer base of the related LF Decentralized Trust Project or Lab or community.
    *   The selected proposals have the potential to positively impact the diverse representation of the projects, mentors, and mentees within the LF Decentralized Trust community.
*   Multiple proposals can be accepted for Projects that complete the annual review process as Graduated and only one accepted proposal for any other Project, Labs, or community groups with any exceptions determined by the TAC mentorship program task force.

Commit message:

Revise project proposal guidelines for 2026
Updated the proposal submission details for the 2026 Mentorship Program and added a link for mentors to submit proposals.

Signed-off-by: Min Yu <77464529+minyu66@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/for-mentors/project-proposal-guidelines.md, after:

Proposal Submission Template
--------------------------

Mentorship project proposal submissions to be considered for inclusion in 2026 Mentorship Program is open from February 2 to March 6, 2026. 

Mentors can [submit a mentorship project proposal](https://github.com/LF-Decentralized-Trust-Mentorships/mentorship-program/issues) by creating a Mentorship Project new issue; please review the [proposal guidelines](https://lf-decentralized-trust-mentorships.github.io/mentorship-program/main/for-mentors/project-proposal-guidelines/#proposal-submission-guidelines) before submitting

Proposal Submission Guidelines
--------------------------

*   Project maintainers, active contributors and community members are welcome to submit a mentorship project proposal for consideration. Those who submit the project proposals will serve in the mentor role.
*   Multiple mentors per project is more desirable as this helps spread the mentoring workload and reduce the challenge of coverage due to working remotely with mentees from a different time zone.
*   Mentors need to be knowledgeable about the scope, goals, and technical aspects of the project and will directly guide, supervise, and evaluate the mentee's work for the duration of the mentorship.
*   The mentorship project needs to be scoped with clear objectives and outcomes, serving as a springboard to onboard a new contributor into the community.
*   The outcome envisioned for the project can be accomplished under the mentor's guidance by new contributors working ~15 hours a week for ~ 6 months.
*   The project should be related to one of the current LF Decentralized Trust Projects or Labs or the community or ecosystem at large.
*   The outcome of the project will benefit the existing LF Decentralized Projects or Labs or advance the open source community's work at large.

Proposal Selection Process and Criteria
--------------------------

*   A mentorship program task force appointed by the LF Decentralized Trust Technical Advisory Council will review, evluate, and select proposals to ensure the selected mentorship projects will benefit the LF Decentralized Trust projects, labs, or community.
*   General selection criteria are:
    *   The selected proposals have well defined learning objectives and outcomes that could serve as a springboard to onboard new contributors.
    *   The selected proposals can be accomplished, under the guidance of the mentors, by a new developer, researcher, or contributor within established program dates.
    *   The selected proposals should have a direct connection or relevance to an existing LF Decentralize Trust Project or Lab or other emerging tech within the LF Decentralized Trust umbrella or community.
    *   The selected proposals will further increase the contributor or maintainer base of the related LF Decentralized Trust Project or Lab or community.
    *   The selected proposals have the potential to positively impact the diverse representation of the projects, mentors, and mentees within the LF Decentralized Trust community.
*   Multiple proposals can be accepted for Projects that complete the annual review process as Graduated and only one accepted proposal for any other Project, Labs, or community groups with any exceptions determined by the TAC mentorship program task force.
